## Project Overview

### What I Learned
This project introduced me to many new aspects of HTML and CSS coding. I was able to experiment a lot more with parts of CSS that I hadn't before, such as multiple "h"'s, classes, and many text alterations. Overall I learned new skills about coding a new type of website I hadn't done before. I was able to use grids, a header and footer, and a nav bar. Learning about website sections, like the hero section, was rather eye-opening to me and really showed me the possibilities when it comes to coding websites. I think all the structural aspects which laid the foundations for my site was really important to practice and nail that way I could learn about all the CSS tricks I could use on top of it.
 
### Project Aspects & Design
This site is a Type Specimen website which showcases the variable font Warbler designed by David Jonathan Ross. Variable fonts are fonts that have multiple axis that can be changed by specific increments on a scale. For example, Warbler can change by the axis of weight or optical size. This website's main goal is to show off the beauty of the font Warbler while also informing users about the history of the font, its variable axis, showcasing the full character set, and providing a place where other people can download the font for personal or commercial use. I took inspiration from natural specimen booklets for a color palette and design choices, since that is something the font design took inspiration from. I use a muted tan and green, and a darker green and brown, showcasing a nature feel to the font.

### Problem Solving
The biggest challenge I had working on this project began with figuring out the overall structure of my site. I created a detailed high fidelity mock-up of how I wanted the site to look, but it became overwhelming trying to make that a reality. With help I was able to build the structure of the website, allowing me to start formatting my information in the way I wanted. Another challenge was the amount of h tags I used, which became confusing the further into the project I got. I as able to work around this by learning how to better use classes to identify specific parts of text on my page. With these classes I was able to use the same h tag on similar bodies of text, while still being able to change cosmetic details about each section individually. Once these challenges were overcome I was was able to successfully edit and finalize the website how I wanted.